Welcome back.
In this video we're going to briefly recap what we've learned so far.
We've seen that as 2015 adds quite a bit of functionality to the language but since the last update
came in 2009 it's been quite a while.
We also saw that we've named six to 2015 since new features will now be added every year.
We saw that as 2015 gives us two new keywords for declaring variables constant unlet constant chores
that we can not redeclare a variable and let gives us block scope.
Yes 2015 also allows us to easily evaluate variables in strings and create multiline strings with as
20:15 template strings.
Don't forget the batiks.
We saw how to write more concise functions using the arrow function syntax but we also saw that these
functions do not get their own key word this and arguments so we need to be mindful of that when we're
using them.
We saw how to gather arguments to a function as an array using the rest operator and spread out values
in an array to another function using three dots or the spread operator.
We then saw how to write more concise methods and property names using object shorthand notation and
computed property names.
Finally we saw that we can use destructuring to unpack values from objects and arrays for the next exercise.
It's time to take two E.S. five application and refactor it to use.
Yes 2015.
Good luck and I'll see you in the next video.